---
title: 'My BEST Moon image till date.'
description: 'This image holds a special place in my heart. A waxing gibbous moon, on a night i actually do not remember.'
pubDate: 'June 16 2026'
images:
  - '../../assets/hoi.tiff'
  - '../../assets/hoi-2.tiff'
---

This photo was probably taken a year or so ago. Sometime after my previous moon image, but in between that I had probably refined my imaging skills to a very decent point, as is evident by the quality of this image. 

Funny thing is, I don't even remember the night I took this image. It's all a blur. The day after I took the image, I processed it and got a pretty decent image, and I tucked it away into my drive and forgot about it. Fast forward a year, my skills are even better now, and so I got to work on it, producing the most detailed and beautiful image i ever have.

Here's how I did it.

The only thing I had to work with was just had a stacked image, post PIPP and Registax, no raw images. It was a decent stack nonetheless, and so I put it into photoshop. I isolated layers, bumped saturation on one and layered it over the original.

After adding all types of blurs and masks to edge out the crater and mountain detail, I was left with 2 images. 

The first is a black and white image which has the most visible detail in regards to craters and such. The second one seems a bit less detailed but has a more pleasant color to it, showcasing minerals and such.

As always, if you want to know more about my setup, or if you want to inquire about how I created this image exactly, visit the gear page or E-mail me, and I will be more than happy to help.

